Update README.md (#160)
th2-net/th2-docs: README.md

> - Short component name formatted in **bold**, not capitalized.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Short component names are formatted in **bold**, not capitalized.  
```

  E.g.: The **codec** component has eight pins – four stream, and four general ones.
- A full name is used when referring to an exact Git repository (with a link attached).
E.g.: This is a web app that displays the stored test data using [th2-rpt-data-provider](https://github.com/th2-net/th2-rpt-data-provider).

> - Kubernetes namespaces in *italics*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kubernetes namespaces are given in *italics*. 

E.g.: Infrastructure components are split into two namespaces: _monitoring_ and _service_. 
```
